Places
Constantinople
Euxinus
Soldaia: Soldaia was the name given in the middle ages to tne place (the
Tauro-Scythian port of the ancients) now called Sudak, situated near
the southern extremity of the Crimea or Tauric Chersonesus.
Bolgara: The Bolgar, Bulgar, or Bulghar, here spoken of, is the name of a
town and an extensive district in Tartary, lying to the eastward of the
Wolga, and now inhabited by the Bashkirs, sometimes distinguished
from the Bulgaria on the Danube, by the appellation of the Greater
Bulgaria.
Assara: Assara is the city of Sarai (with the definitive article pre
fixed), situated on the eastern arm of the Wolga, or Achtuba.
Oukaka: There can be little doubt of this being the Okak of Abulfeda; from
hence the route of our travellers may be presumed to have lain towards
the town of Jaik, on the river of that name, and afterwards, in a south
easterly direction, to the Sihun. (Samsun)
Tigris
Bokhara
Karazhan: Having here the name merely, without any circumstance but that of
its remoteness from the capital of China, we must presume it to be in
tended for a city of Khorasan
Negroponte: Eubea
Venice

People
Baldwin II: count of Flanders, and cousin of Louis IX. king of France,
who reigned from 1237 to 1261, was the last of the Latin emperors of
Constantinople.
Barka: This Tartar prince is usually named Bereke, the successor, and said
to be the brother, of Batu, the son of Tushi, eldest son of Jengiz-khan;
who inherited, as his portion of the dominions of his grandfather (al
though not in full sovereignty), the western countries of Kapchak or
Kipchak, Allan, Russ, and Bulgar, and died in 1256.
Barak: This appears to be the prince whom Petis de la Croix names Berrac
Can, and D^Herbelot Barak-khan, great-grandson of Jagatai, the second
son of Jengiz-khan, who inherited Transoxiana, or the region now pos
sessed by the Usbek Tartars.
Kublai:Mangu appointed Kublai his viceroy in China, and gave to Hulagu
the government of such of the southern provinces of Asia as he could
reduce to obedience.
Arghun: Arghun-khan, the son of Abaka-khan, and grandson of Hulagu-ilkhan,
succeeded his uncle Ahmed-khan Nikodar on the throne of Persia,
Khorasan, and other neighbouring countries, in 1284; and his first act,
as we are informed by De Guignes (Liv. xvii. p. 265) was to send to the
emperor Kublai, as the head of the family and his liege sovereign, to
demand the investiture of his estates.


